Update permissions a non-admin user requires to provision hosts (#2292)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_provisioning-virtual-machines-on-kubevirt.adoc

* A {SmartProxyServer} managing a network on the {KubeVirt} server.
Ensure that no other DHCP services run on this network to avoid conflicts with {SmartProxyServer}.
For more information about network service configuration for {SmartProxyServers}, see {ProvisioningDocURL}Configuring_Networking_provisioning[Configuring Networking] in _{ProvisioningDocTitle}_.

.Additional resources

> * For a list of permissions a non-admin user requires to perform provisioning, see xref:permissions-required-for-provisioning_provisioning[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For a list of permissions a non-admin user requires to provision hosts, see xref:permissions-required-for-provisioning_provisioning[].
```
